.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii proxytrack.1
.\"
.TH proxytrack 1 "Mar 2003" "httrack website copier"
.SH NAME
proxytrack \- proxy to serve content archived by httrack website copier
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B proxytrack proxy_address:proxy_port icp_address:icp_port [ httrack_cache_filename_1 [ httrack_cache_filename_2 .. ] ]
.B 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B proxytrack
this program allows you to create a proxy to deliver content already archived by
.BR httrack (1)
, a website copier.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B proxytrack proxy:8080 localhost:3130 /home/archives/example.com/hts-cache/new.zip
 will launch the proxytrack proxy, listening to :8080, to deliver content archived in the /home/archives/example.com/hts-cache/new.zip cache
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Errors/Warnings are reported the console and standard error

.SH BUGS
Please reports bugs to
.B <bugs@httrack.com>.
Include a complete, self-contained example that will allow the bug to be reproduced, and say which version of (web)httrack you are using. Do not forget to detail options used, OS version, and any other information you deem necessary.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 1998-2013 Xavier Roche and other contributors

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AVAILABILITY
The  most  recent released version of (web)httrack can be found at:
.B http://www.httrack.com
.SH AUTHOR
Xavier Roche <roche@httrack.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The 
.B HTML 
documentation (available online at
.B http://www.httrack.com/html/
) contains more detailed information. Please also refer to the
.B httrack FAQ
(available online at
.B http://www.httrack.com/html/faq.html
)
